experience.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Work Experience
---

Contact
---
[tammie.thong@gmail.com](mailto:tammie.thong@gmail.com)

+31 683779053

Software Engineering Experience
---

2018
:	**Menlo Innovations**, software consultancy
- Developed a financial web application using an ASP.NET framework and MySQL database for a co-op company to do business transactions and accounting.
- Collaborated with researches to review flow cytometer software's Java code base to obtain FDA approval.
- Worked on a Django code base for clients of a fertility to keep on-track with the IVF process. This included: doctor appointments, injections, etc.

2017-2018
:	**NewFoundry**, software consultancy
- Developed an interactive ReactJS web app for electrical engineers to learn about microcontrollers for a large automotive company.
- Worked on Django code base for an online bookstore for a financial literacy organization.


Internship Experience
---

2016
:	**Sift**, employee engagement platform
:	Developed an analytics dashboard in Angular 2 to track user data from the main app.

2016
:	**Grand Circus Detroit**, coding bootcamp
:	Developed materials for students in Java and JavaScript bootcamps

Education
---

2017 (completed)
:	**BA Computer Science**, Calvin College, USA

2015 (completed)
:	**BSc Biological Science**, Calvin College, USA
:	Minor in Biochemistry

Other work
---
2016
:	**Instructor**, Girls Who Code (GWC)
- Taught intermediate programming concepts to secondary school students in Python, JavaScript, HTML.
- Applied for, and received a $10,000 grant from Google’s igniteCS program to run my GWC club.

2012-2016
:	**Phonathon Officer & Supervisor**, Calvin Annual Fund
- Interviewed, trained, and mentored student employees.
- Consistently raised the most amount of money amongst employees.

Commit message:

made links for company names

experience.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Work Experience
---

Contact
---
[tammie.thong@gmail.com](mailto:tammie.thong@gmail.com)

+31 683779053

Software Engineering Experience
---

2018
:	[Menlo Innovations](http://menloinnovations.com){:target="_blank"}, software consultancy
- Developed a financial web application using an ASP.NET framework and MySQL database for a co-op company to do business transactions and accounting.
- Collaborated with researches to review flow cytometer software's Java code base to obtain FDA approval.
- Worked on a Django code base for clients of a fertility clinic to keep track of the IVF process (doctor appointments, injections, etc.).

2017-2018
:	[NewFoundry](http://thenewfoundry.com){:target="_blank"}, software consultancy
- Developed learning web apps in ReactJS. The apps allow users to learn about microcontrollers through narrated slides, featuring animated SVGs to highlight portions of the microcontroller. In addition, I worked on a custom IDE which allows users to drag and drop blocks of ‘code’ onto the IDE. Users are able to step through the code using a debugger. The rendered code is used to run the simulated microcontroller’s clock cycle.
- Worked on Django code base for an online bookstore for a financial literacy organization.

Internship Experience
---

2016
:	**Sift**, employee engagement platform
:	Developed an analytics dashboard in Angular 2 to track user data from the main app.

2016
:	**Grand Circus Detroit**, coding bootcamp
:	Developed materials for students in Java and JavaScript bootcamps

Education
---

2017 (completed)
:	**BA Computer Science**, Calvin College, USA

2015 (completed)
:	**BSc Biological Science**, Calvin College, USA
:	Minor in Biochemistry

Other work
---
2016
:	**Instructor**, Girls Who Code (GWC)
- Taught intermediate programming concepts to secondary school students in Python, JavaScript, HTML.
- Applied for, and received a $10,000 grant from Google’s igniteCS program to run my GWC club.

2012-2016
:	**Phonathon Officer & Supervisor**, Calvin Annual Fund
- Interviewed, trained, and mentored student employees.
- Consistently raised the most amount of money amongst employees.
