questions.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: 10 Questions
---

# 10 Questions

### 1. Where are you from?

I’m from Singapore but have spent the last few years going to university and working in the United States. I currently live in the Netherlands with my partner.

### 2. What do you do?

I’m a full-stack software engineer who has primarily worked in American startups, using agile development methodologies.

### 3. What technologies have you sucessfully tackled?

Most of my technical experience involves developing in ReactJS, Django, and ASP.NET and working with a SQL database.

### 4.  What inspires or motivates you?

I’m motivated by people who have had crippling personal setbacks but face their fears straight on. I’m also inspired by other women, such as Reshma Saujani, who have made it their mission to bring more women into the tech sector and feel like they belong.

### 5. What is the biggest lesson you've learned so far?

It isn’t easy to let go of something you’ve worked on for a while, but I’ve learnt that it is okay to take a step back and come up with a different strategy.

### 6. What are your best traits?

I’m an agreeable person and I'm not afraid to say what I think. I'm tenacious and I'm always trying to find better ways to accomplish my goals. 

### 7. Who do you enjoy working with?
 
I enjoy working with people who take pride in their work and are happy to mentor their fellow employees. I love making my workplace an exciting and enjoyable place to be.

### 8. What would you like to learn next?

I love to be able have more experience using Devops tools for continuous integration and deployment strategies, such as Jenkins, Docker, and Kubernetes. 

### 9. What do you do in your free time?

I love participating in Meetup groups for women in technology. In the past I've taught at Girls Who Code and have interned a coding bootcamp in Detroit called Grand Circus. My most recent Meetup group since moving to the Netherlands is the Amsterdam chapter of She's Coding.

### 10. How can I work with you?

You can find my resume and contact information [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8NSKFFnyrQ9Y0dGSHlJRGZFd1U/view?usp=sharing).

Commit message:

hid experience page and updated question page with email address

questions.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: 10 Questions
---

# 10 Questions

### 1. Where are you from?

I’m from Singapore but have spent the last few years going to university and working in the United States. I currently live in the Netherlands with my partner.

### 2. What do you do?

I’m a full-stack software engineer who has primarily worked in American startups, using agile development methodologies.

### 3. What technologies have you sucessfully tackled?

Most of my technical experience involves developing in ReactJS, Django, and ASP.NET and working with a SQL database.

### 4.  What inspires or motivates you?

I’m motivated by people who have had crippling personal setbacks but face their fears straight on. I’m also inspired by other women, such as Reshma Saujani, who have made it their mission to bring more women into the tech sector and feel like they belong.

### 5. What is the biggest lesson you've learned so far?

It isn’t easy to let go of something you’ve worked on for a while, but I’ve learnt that it is okay to take a step back and come up with a different strategy.

### 6. What are your best traits?

I’m an agreeable person and I'm not afraid to say what I think. I'm tenacious and I'm always trying to find better ways to accomplish my goals. 

### 7. Who do you enjoy working with?
 
I enjoy working with people who take pride in their work and are happy to mentor their fellow employees. I love making my workplace an exciting and enjoyable place to be.

### 8. What would you like to learn next?

I love to be able have more experience using Devops tools for continuous integration and deployment strategies, such as Jenkins, Docker, and Kubernetes. 

### 9. What do you do in your free time?

I love participating in Meetup groups for women in technology. In the past I've taught at Girls Who Code and have interned a coding bootcamp in Detroit called Grand Circus. My most recent Meetup group since moving to the Netherlands is the Amsterdam chapter of She's Coding.

### 10. How can you contact me?
Drop me an email at [tammie.thong@gmail.com](mailto:tammie.thong@gmail.com)!
